Welcome back to Mrs Rundown, in today’s
video I am going to be recapping the events
of Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle, a 2004
Comedy/Stoner film.
Spoilers ahead!
You have been warned.
Now like the video and subscribe to the channel
if you enjoy this video.
The movie starts late on a Friday afternoon
at the investment bank where Harold works.
Two of Harold's co-workers talk about going
out for the night to get laid.
One, who is heartbroken from a breakup, says
he can't go out because he has to work on
a project due the next day.
The other suggests giving the work to Harold
because he is "a nerdy little Asian guy."
When Harold is coerced into doing the work
by threats of being reported to his boss for
slacking off, he has to call his roommate
Kumar.
Kumar is at a medical school application interview.
He doesn't want to become a doctor but is
applying to medical school so his father will
keep paying for his apartment.
Harold interrupts the interview with the phone
call to tell Kumar he can't party tonight
because he has to work.
Kumar replies--in front of the dean-- "Fuck
that shit, since when has doing your work
prevented you from getting high?"
This line of reasoning easily changes Harold's
mind, and the dean's as well.
Though the dean had been on the verge of admitting
Kumar before he took Harold's call, he's appalled
by Kumar's bad manners and bad attitude.
The dean throws Kumar out of his office (but
not before Kumar spills a hot drink in his
lap).
Harold leaves his office where his bad day
gets worse when his briefcase strap breaks
and he is held up at the exit.
He drives home.
As he's backing into a parking spot in front
of his apartment building, an Orange Ford
Bronco steals the space.
The group of "extreme assholes" in the Bronco
tell Harold, "this is America, dude, learn
how to drive" and flick him off.
Harold finds another spot, many blocks away,
and walks through the front door of his building
to see his dream girl, Maria, waiting for
the elevator.
He plays in his head how he wants the next
events to go: he tells Maria that she can
come over his place if she isn't doing anything
else that night, and she agrees.
Reality sets in and he walks into the elevator
with Maria and forgets to press his floor
number, which makes him look like an ass.
He is about to say something to Maria but
chickens out and ends up jerking his mail
in his hand.
The elevator gets to his and Maria's floor
and they go their separate ways.
Maria tells him bye, to which he replies in
a low voice.
Harold gets into his apartment and the party
begins!
But first he has to chase Kumar out of his
room and dispose of his nail scissors, which
Kumar has been using to trim his pubes.
Then they settle down and get high.
Joint after joint after bong hit Harold and
Kumar get blitzed out of their skulls.
They see a TV news flash saying that a cheetah
has escaped from the Morestown Zoo.
Now they got the munchies.
They talk about getting some KFC when a White
Castle advertisement comes on the TV and they
are focused on White Castle and nothing else.
They ask their neighbours Goldstein and Rosenberg
to go along, but Goldstein and Rosenberg would
rather have hot dogs.
On the way to Harold's car, they see the yahoos
who took Harold's parking spot; the yahoos
call Harold and Kumar fags.
They go to where they think White Castle is,
but it's not a White Castle anymore; it's
a Burger Shack.
They ask the drive-thru worker what happened
to the White Castle.
He informs them that Burger Shack bought that
location 4 years earlier.
He also tells them about a White Castle 45
minutes away that is open 24 hours.
They head for the restaurant and are about
to smoke some more but Harold being the paranoid
smoker he is throws the weed out the window
because Kumar gets stuck in a toll booth that
isn't working.
Kumar gets mad at Harold and decides to take
him to Princeton to sweet talk Cindy Kim,
who has a huge crush on Harold, into getting
them some weed.
Harold goes to a meeting of Cindy's club while
Kumar goes around the college looking for
anyone who has weed.
He finds a huge stoner named Bradley (who
shows him a pound of weed.
Kumar catches the fancy of two cute girls
in argyle sweaters, who invite him to come
up to their room later.
Bradley sells a very over-priced quarter of
weed to Kumar.
Kumar finds Harold and they smoke a joint
on a staircase, which catches the attention
of a Princeton security guard.
The guard chases them.
They escape by hiding in the women's bathroom,
where they unwillingly overhear and over smell
the argyle sweater girls playing a disgusting
game called "battleshits."
The security guards catch Bradley with his
pound of weed and take him to jail.
Back on the road to White Castle, Kumar stops
in the middle of nowhere to take a piss.
He goes into the woods and finds a random
bush and starts peeing when a man (Jamie Kennedy)
dressed in a suit comes out of nowhere and
starts peeing next to him.
When Kumar asks him what he is doing, the
man starts flipping out asking him if it's
his special bush and if he is "a fucking tree
hugger."
Meanwhile, a raccoon jumps into their car;
Harold, who's working on his laptop, doesn't
notice.
When Kumar is done urinating he gets back
into the car and drives off.
The raccoon jumps into the front seat and
bites Harold's neck, making him think he has
rabies.
He throws the raccoon out the window.
They go to the hospital where they find out
that Harold doesn't have rabies, but Kumar's
father, a doctor, catches them before they
can leave.
He questions Kumar about the failed medical
school interview and tells Kumar that he has
one more interview tomorrow and if Kumar is
anything less than perfect he will completely
cut him off.
Kumar then steals his father's ID card in
hopes that it will get them access to the
hospital's supply of medical marijuana.
Kumar and Harold are then mistaken for Kumar's
dad and brother and they're asked to perform
emergency surgery on a man who has been shot.
Kumar performs it flawlessly and asks the
man if he knows how to get to White Castle;
he gives them directions and off they go.
Harold and Kumar see Maria leaving a movie
theatre.
Kumar yells to Maria, but Harold doesn't want
her to see him so he leans down and presses
the gas pedal.
Kumar loses control and the car goes down
a steep hill.
The car is undamaged but the tire pops.
Then a tow truck picks them up.
It's driven by an ugly man covered with boils
and sores, Freakshow.
He takes them to his house where he tells
them that he will fix their car and they can
go inside and fuck his wife Liane.
To their surprise his wife is HOT!!
She is a freak and she wants them to fuck
her at the same time, but Harold says he doesn't
want his balls touching Kumar's so they ask
for blow jobs.
Before they get very far, Freakshow comes
in and flips out to see his wife topless and
the guys about to touch her breasts.
Then he lightens up and asks if they want
to have a foursome, which scares Harold and
Kumar and they run out.
They flee in the car, but they're lost, so
Kumar picks up a hitchhiker, hoping that the
guy will know how to get to the White Castle.
The hitchhiker Neil is tripping off X and
wants to pick up some strippers so he can
get laid.
He's no help to them.
They find a convenience store where they hope
to get directions.
They meet back up with the "extreme assholes,"
who give them more shit.
They get directions from a man working at
the store as the "extreme assholes" tear it
apart.
While they are walking back to the car, Neil
takes off with it.
On the way to call the police about the stolen
car, Harold is arrested for getting into an
altercation with a police officer while trying
to cross the street.
While in jail Harold sees Bradley the huge
stoner, stripped down to his BVDs.
Bradley's pound of weed has been confiscated
and his mother takes him home.
Kumar breaks into the jail and lets Harold
out.
Kumar catches a whiff of weed, sees Bradley's
confiscated pound, and takes it.
He and Harold are now running from the police.
They end up in the woods where they see the
cheetah that escaped from the zoo.
To make sure the cheetah doesn't kill them
they toke up and get the cheetah blazed.
They end up riding the cheetah in hopes that
it will take them to White Castle, but Harold
gets knocked off and knocked out.
He has a psychedelic interlude--featuring
walking hamburgers, a white castle, and lots
of marijuana leaves--in which he shoots the
obnoxious cop who arrested him ("Bullets--my
only weakness!
How did you know?") and hooks up with Maria.
He wakes to find that it's Kumar, not Maria,
licking his face; that his laptop has been
smashed; and that the cheetah took them in
the wrong direction.
Now Harold, who has never been as devoted
to the quest as Kumar, decides to give up
and go home, hamburger less.
But just then they catch sight of their neighbors
Goldstein and Rosenberg scarfing down hot
dogs and looking happy.
Harold decides that he craves that feeling
of satisfaction that comes from getting what
you want--in his case, White Castle burgers.
They go back to the convenience store, where
they steal the "extreme" guys' Bronco.
As they speed down the road a cop starts to
chase them.
They turn into the woods to lose the cop and
come to an abrupt stop at the edge of a cliff--where,
looking down, they see WHITE CASTLE!!
Kumar makes a passionate speech about their
whole journey and how it's not just about
hamburgers any more: it's about being in America
and to have any dream you want to have and
their dream is to get to White Castle.
Riding a hang glider they find on the roof
of the Bronco, they jump off the mountain
just as the sun comes up.
They crash into a tree and land right in front
of White castle.
They go in and each order 30 hamburgers, 4
orders of fries and 4 sodas--only to find
out that they don't have any money.
But Neil Patrick Harris sees them and gives
Harold back his car key, says he is going
to pay for their meals and gives Harold $200
for the "love stains" he made in the back
of his car.
They enjoy a huge, fabulous meal.
Once they finish, they decide that they are
going to change their lives.
Kumar will go to med school and to his interview
that day.
When Harold's slacker co-workers walk in,
he stands up for himself and tells them he
isn't going to do their work for them anymore.
He and Kumar leave White Castle full and changed.
Harold tells Kumar he is going to ask Maria
out and stop being a pussy.
At home, they're getting off the elevator
when Maria gets on.
Kumar makes Harold go back down with her.
After an awkward start, Harold spills his
guts and Maria ends up making out with him
and falls for him.
She tells him "now you have to work on your
timing;" she is going to Amsterdam and she
will be back in 10 days.
Harold rides the elevator back up where Kumar
meets him and asks if Maria touched his penis.
Harold reports that he made out with her and
that she is going to Amsterdam and she will
be back in 10 days.
Kumar tells him that a hot chick like her
in Amsterdam for 10 days is "the kiss of death"
and she could come back taken.
Kumar talks Harold into going to Amsterdam
and it ends.
Thanks for watching!
Make sure to like the video if you enjoyed
it.
Subscribe to the channel if you want to see
more of these movie summaries.
It really helps the channel out.